hello welcome to the reefs I'm Helen I'm
the head chef
about seven years and the restaurants
been over 25 years there were a bit of a
bath institution for vegetarians and
vegans we have a world food menu so our
recipes come from all over the place but
our main thing is to keep the vegetables
seasonal so now it's spring but all our
beautiful spring vegetables going on
I'm gonna show you this is our most
favorite thing and it comes on the menu
every year and it's flat fall
first of all sort the garlic out also
got a supplier called Yves your local
green grocer to bar and they bring those
all the most amazing vegetables and
herbs as well so the garlic this time of
year actually what's happening is the
green garlic which I've got over here so
we're gonna add this in as well so this
is the garlic when it starts and it
looks a bit like a spring onion and it's
um it's much milder than regular garlic
flavor you can use the whole name a
little bit like I'm gonna do is blend it
all up so it's nice and smooth
and blender with a little bit of olive
oil
we've got chickpeas
so these we've soaked and we've cooked
and drained but you can use tins no
problem okay so what we're gonna do
we're going to blend a handful of these
up we're just gonna get them lightly
crushed the second batch gonna add some
lemon and lime juice some ground cumin
and coriander and a nice healthy
tablespoon of tahini right so we're just
mixing this all in together now and so
this is just like a really good base and
then at this point you can basically add
anything and because it's spring and
we've got the most amazing fresh green
things happening there my little favors
at the moment are the wild garlic leaves
and the Welsh onion and I've got some
nice little celeriac tops as well but
like I said whatever you fancy and
pretty much anything can go in and a
chocolate
the best bit about this is that you can
put in as much as you want of anything
and as many different types of things as
you want and you know it doesn't have to
stop at the Greens you can put in
sun-dried tomatoes or you know whatever
you like but at the moment it being
spring we've got the Greens going in and
we will lock the herbs right in some
salt in quite a lot of salt chickpeas
tend to absorb soap like nobody's
business and a little bit of pepper and
then to help bind it all together I'm
gonna put some gram flour in I'll start
off with a little bit and we can add
more basically the best thing to do get
your fingers in give it a good squish
together and this is the way I like mine
to be really nice and rustic a little
lumpy and chunky always lovely spring
greens in there so busting with flavor
and spring green freshness okay
that's holding together pretty well
that's it here we go the last little bit
you can either just roll them in bit
more gram flour to give them a little
coating or what we really like to do
here is to roll them in sesame seeds
press them right down into those seeds
give them a lovely coating almost then
like a toffee apple
they come out absolutely gorgeous with a
nice crunchy outside in a soft middle
okay guys no jokes it will go nice and
golden brown on the outside okay so
we've got our plate done up with lovely
greens from castle farm and got chicory
and baby chard and marketing things
happening and a couple of nice dips
tahini in a nice yoga and herb dip just
pop off falafel on there
you